---
layout: pageWithLink
title: Environment Configuration Guidelines
subtitle: The basic setup steps to run most of our published code in this project
cover-img: /assets/img/2022-03-03/cat.jpeg
# gh-repo: cocoon2wong/vertical
# gh-badge: [star, fork]
tags: [guidelines]
comments: true
---
<!--
 * @Author: Conghao Wong
 * @Date: 2023-03-03 09:39:32
 * @LastEditors: Conghao Wong
 * @LastEditTime: 2023-04-13 17:07:17
 * @Description: file content
 * @Github: https://cocoon2wong.github.io
 * Copyright 2023 Conghao Wong, All Rights Reserved.
-->

Most of the code in this project was developed under a specific python version.
Due to the limited number of members in the team, it is possible that some code may not be maintained and upgraded after release.
Therefore, if you need to run our code, we strongly recommend that you create a python virtual environment for each individual project.
This post will cover the simple steps to create a virtual python environment, using `conda` ([their website](https://anaconda.com)) as an example.

## Installation

If you have installed the python virtual environment, please head to section `Install the requirements`.
Otherwise, we recommend you install the `miniconda`, which could be downloaded at [their website](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html).

{: .box-note}
Please note the version of your required python environment.

You can simply have the `miniconda` installed on your device by following their instructions.

## Create the new python environment

We strongly recommend that you create a python virtual environment for each individual project.

{: .box-note}
Please note the version of your required python environment.

Run the following command to create your new python environment:

```bash
conda create -n NAME python=3.9
```

`NAME` denotes the name of the new environment.

Make sure your `NAME` appears on the screen after running the following command.

```bash
conda env list
```

If not, please follow the step `conda create -n NAME python=3.9` once again.

## Activate the python environment

If your system is windows, please run the following command:

```bash
activate NAME
```

Or yours is linux/mac, please run

```bash
source activate NAME
```

If `(NAME)` appears in your terminal, you have successfully created the environment.

## Install the requirements

Then please run the command to install the required packages listed in the corresponding `requirements.txt` of different projects in your python environment:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Good Luck!
